Clarification of readme with reference to new location in title. (#84)
iqm-finland/iqm-benchmarks: README.md

# IQM Benchmarks

**DISCLAIMER: This repository has been moved to [IQM-SDK](https://github.com/iqm-finland/sdk).**
------------------------------------------------------------------------

The repository here on GitHub is archived and **superseded** by the identically named IQM-Benchmarks package, which is now internally developed at IQM. 
This change unifies the development of IQM-Benchmarks with the rest of the IQM-SDK, which leads to better version compatibility and generally improved interoperability with other IQM packages.

Key points to note:
- The code is still open source and can be viewed via the [IQM-SDK](https://github.com/iqm-finland/sdk) on GitHub. 

> - The documentation for the latest version is available via [IQM-Docs](https://docs.meetiqm.com/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The documentation for the latest version is available via [IQM-Docs](https://docs.iqm.tech/iqm-benchmarks/). 
```
